7.12.1 work delay xa sqlserver (#1400)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/performance-tuning.md

It is essential to ensure that the queue never becomes full (`queueCapacity` is never reached).  
If the queue becomes full, the application restarts in order to force the engine to generate all work from the database. This means that work is lost.

> ##### SQLServer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### SQLServer-specific work configuration
```

> Sometimes, in case of a lot of concurrence ( work triggered in same ms ), the data commits in a database was not visible by the next transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Bonita platform is under high volumetry on work execution and database transaction, sometimes when one work commits its data and next transaction try to access it, this information was not yet visible.
```

> When Bonita platform is under high volumetry on work execution and database transaction, sometimes when one work commits its data and next transaction try to access it, this information was not yet visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Bonita platform is under high volumetry on work execution and database transaction, sometimes when one work commits its data and next transaction tries to access it, this information is not yet visible.
```

> It happens when the previous transaction has used  **XAMultipleResource (Bonita + BDM )** and when the **transaction isolation level** is configured  **ALLOW_SNAPSHOT_ISOLATION** and **READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT** are configured. Those isolations level are mandatory to avoid a deadlock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue happens only when using Bonita and BDM XA resources ( **XAMultipleResource** ) and because the **transaction isolation level** is configured as **ALLOW_SNAPSHOT_ISOLATION** and **READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT**. These isolation levels are mandatory to avoid a deadlock.
```

To avoid the issue describe above, we add a **work execution delay** (100 ms by default) only in case of the database is **SQL Server** and if the **previous transaction has used a XAMultipleResource ( Bonita + BDM )**.

> 

Reviewer 2: Here we need to explain why, for example
```suggestion
This small execution delay allows database to handle the commit and update of the information out of the isolated level, so next request out of the write transaction can get the updated data.
```

> To avoid the issue describe above, we add a **work execution delay** (100 ms by default) only in case of the database is **SQL Server** and if the **previous transaction has used a XAMultipleResource ( Bonita + BDM )**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To avoid the issue described above, by default, a **100 ms work execution delay** is added when the database is **SQL Server** and if the **previous transaction has multiple XA Resources ( Bonita + BDM )**.
```

> This small execution delay allows database to handle the commit and update of the information out of the isolated level, so next request out of the write transaction can get the updated data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This small execution delay allows database to handle the commit and update the information out of the isolated level, so next request out of the write transaction can get the updated data.
```

The **work execution delay** is configured in [`bonita-tenant-community-custom.properties`](BonitaBPM_platform_setup.md).

```properties

# configuration of the work execution delay ( default 100ms ) only used when the db vendor is SQL SERVER

> # Avoid the data commits, by a transaction using XAMultipleResource (Bonita + BDM ),  was not visible by the next transaction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Add a delay on work when the transaction that registers the work has multiple XA Resources
# This is an SQL Server specific property to ensure all data commit are visible when the next work is executed.
